{"product":[{"brand":"PUMA","name":"MOBIUM ELITE SPEED V2 RUNNING SHOES","price":"$60","description":"We created the our Mobium Elite Speed as a response to the award-winning Mobium Elite v2, with an all-over adaptive design to let you run your fastest. Introducing: the newest version of the Mobium Elite Speed, with Adaptive Fit 2.0 technology in the upper to allow for natural expansion of the foot, especially at toe-off. Looks like your PB is about to get even better.","image":"pumaa.png"},{"brand":"PUMA","name":"IGNITE MESH MEN'S RUNNING SHOES","price":"$50","description":"The PUMA IGNITE is our most responsive running shoe ever, and is worn by Usain Bolt, the world's fastest man. IGNITE features a superior cushioning material that disperses impact forces while providing optimal responsiveness and energy return to make you faster. Our unique PU foam formula offers high rebound and ultimate comfort where you need it the most, and ForEverFoam is integrated in the heel to provide durability for long-lasting performance. We've decked this version out with a breathable mesh upper for added depth and dimension, along with flexibility and comfort.","image":"pumab.png"},{"brand":"PUMA","name":"FAAS 300 V4 RUNNING SHOES","price":"$45","description":"The updated FAAS 300 v4 continues to be the perfect performance training shoe in the FAAS Collection from PUMA. It is at an 8mm heel-to-toe drop, which provides a smooth transition, and its upper comes with additional reflectivity for increased visibility. With its lightweight and technical platform as well as its minimal and deconstructed upper, this shoe will make any runner feel lighter and faster – whether it be training runs or races. Optimal neutralCELL cushioning and flexibility provides an efficient, smooth ride for the neutral runner.","image":"pumac.png"},{"brand":"PUMA","name":"CARSON RUNNER KNIT RUNNING SHOES","price":"$32.5","description":"Style meets performance in the Carson Runner. An EVA midsole provides cushioning and a smooth ride, while the mesh upper brings a breathable and lightweight feel to get you where you need to go. This version features knit panels at the upper for an on-trend, modern look, plus a comfortable, soft feel.","image":"pumad.png"},{"brand":"PUMA","name":"TFX DISTANCE V5 TRACK SPIKES","price":"$47.5","description":"For any athlete looking for a track spike that goes the distance, this lightweight, breathable pair is a perfect all-around choice for distances from 800m to 5K, 10K, and steeplechase. Designed with a breathable upper mesh that's suitable for barefoot usage, the bouncy midsole meets the U-shaped Pebax® plate for lightweight traction that goes the distance. The Usain Bolt graphic treatment – inspired by fastest man in the world – will make every track star want to blow away his PB.","image":"pumae.png"}]}